Hi, guys.
Welcome.
In this lecture, we're going to create the settlements.
Okay.
In order to do this, we need to go to the provider directory.
Okay?
And then the products that that PHI and now we can then use Contra a bit to make this white.
Okay, now over here.
What we can do is we can basically just copy and paste this because it's going to be similar.
What we can do is we can't redo this from scratch.
Okay.
So now we can just go ahead and specify it's going to be a type of list and it's going to be a type
of product model.
So this users are going to be able to search for products.
Okay.
And now we can call this function search.
We re.
Okay.
And we're going to pass in a dynamic fable and a little causeway will search.
Test is test.
This is referring to the imputes of the user.
Okay, great.
Now we can just go ahead to create a variable to store the value.
Okay.
And we can call this on square search list and it's going to be equal to the underscore products.
This Co-products.
And now we can see dots where.
Where.
Okay.
Where elements.
We want users to be able to search for products based on the product name or the product title so we
can see where.
Elements, dots.
Tie two and we can convert this to a lowercase.
So maybe these are types, type types and uppercase.
We're gonna need to convert it to lowercase.
Okay, so whatever it is, we are just going to convert it to a lowercase, and we can then say dots
contains.
Those qualities.
This search.
Search.
Tests.
Okay.
That is if what these are is tapping into the.
Type into the test fields is according to this.
Then we need to convert this to.
Iraqis as well.
And now we can see.
Lots to list.
Okay, great.
Okay.
This is basically it's nice country and save.
And now we can then return.
We turn on the sky search.
Says This isn't a sign.
Okay, we need to put this in the list.
So grab this with this.
This and then hot Siri does.
Okay, I'm just gonna try to sign up quickly to show you this.
Okay?
Okay.
I think I have.
A user known as.
Okay.
Minimum to try to explain this.
Now, over here.
We created a functions card search query.
And we specify it's just a type of list and as well it is a type of the products model since users are
going to be searching for products that over year.
What we did was to create a dynamic variable, this very by simply referring to the inputs of the user.
That is what's the size of the type in into the test field.
Okay.
And over here we created a variable as well called search this in order to store the results of this.
In the last year.
We have this variable called underscore projects, which is basically defined at the top.
And now we are seeing where Ellen wins the title and we are converting it to a list probably is on my
type is looking for Gucci.
Right.
So you're going to need to cover that.
So what's.
It's a lowercase.
That's a lowercase.
Okay.
And we are checking if it's contains what's the switch that's missing?
If this if what it uses tap into if what the user is typing is equal to what we have in our setup in
our database, that is the type two or if such product it is, then we just want to return it.
Okay.
You understand?
So whenever we call this search query, now we're going need to pass in the value to this trade what
we have over here.
Okay.
Hopefully understand.
But if we don't, I think is still fine.
But as the process goes, you still have a lot of chance to understand it.
Okay.
Okay, guys, say it in this lecture.